¡¡Honey!!
* Hello everyone! *
Honey, honey
* Virtual YouTuber… *
Honey, honey!!
* Kizuna Ai here! *
Honey, honey, honey.
* I tried to install the Winnie-the-Pooh’s data! *
Honey, honey, hooooooney
* And! Now I can't say anything but honey! *
Honey, honey
* Since this looks interesting *
Honey, honey, honey!
* I am going to stay like this today! *
Honey
* By the way! *
Honey, honey, honey, ho-honey, honey
* Since Winnie-the-Pooh is out of copyright… *
Honey, honey!
* Its okay for me to make a reference to it! *
Honey, ho...
* Today! *
Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey!!
* I am going to play with Winnie-the-Pooh and his friends! *
* It’s Pooh’s "Home Run Derby" *
Honey, honey honey, honey!
* Then, let’s start!! *
* Waaahh *
* It’s a warm title screen, right? *
* Let’s see... *
* First... *
* How to play!! *
* "How to hit the ball" *
Hmm... hmm...
* I see... *
* Ok!! *
* Eeyore
Balls: 10
Required: 3 homeruns *
* Strike *
* Homerun *
* Nice!! *
* Hit *
* Strike *
* Homerun *
* Hit *
* Foul *
* Game Over *
* Eeyore 10 balls, 3 required, 2 homeruns *
* I’m mad *
* You didn’t reach the required homeruns, what a shame! *
* Foul *
* Strike *
* Hit *
* Foul *
* Strike *
* Hit *
* Game Over *
* Eeyore 10 balls, 3 required, 0 homeruns *
* You didn’t reach the required homeruns, what a shame! *
* Well... *
* As expected... *
* ...from Pooh-san’s friends *
* It was a difficult pponent, right? *
* But...!! *
* ...I can’t call him Pooh-san anymore... *
* I should call him Pooh-senpai, right? *
* I will... *
* ...also have... *
* ...my own game!! *
* This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!! *
* Bye bye!! *
* See you later *
* Translated by Vortex and Lacrymac *